Release post for v4.2.1 (#8818)
jekyll/jekyll: docs/_posts/2021-09-20-jekyll-4-2-1-released.markdown

---
title: "Jekyll 4.2.1 Released"
date: 2021-09-20 12:45:46 +0530
author: ashmaroli
version: 4.2.1
category: release
---

Hello Jekyllers!

The Jekyll team is happy to announce the release of `v4.2.1` which fixes a couple of
regressions introduced in `v4.2.0` and another bug inherited from Jekyll 3.

In `v4.2.0`, we decided to stop overriding {% raw %}`{{ site.url }}`{% endraw %} with
the *localhost* address when running the command `jekyll serve` with the default
*development* mode. While the intent behind the change was to avoid forcing users to
generate a *production build* separately by invoking `jekyll build`, it however had an

> unforeseen undesired consequence &mdash; absolute URLs for assets now pointed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unforeseen consequence &mdash; absolute URLs for assets now pointed to
```

having `unforeseen` and `undesired` together feels weird when reading this, so i took out `undesired` since the fact that we changed it made it obvious it was a undesired change. 😄

resources that were at times not yet been deployed to the configured `site.url`. That
broke the users' local development workflow.

`v4.2.0` also added a series of optimizations surrounding the generation of Liquid
representation for a site's standalone pages and layouts. However, that prevented

> {% raw %}`{{ page.content }}`{% endraw %} and other mutable attributes to reflect the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% raw %}`{{ page.content }}`{% endraw %} and other mutable attributes from reflecting the
```
